what can it be like to be old you mean
to be an old couple the World Cup will
still hold hands
do they still snog
the Kissel makeup
they still have the same appetites if
you'll always have an appetite for life
you might want the help of one of
Britain's largest pension providers
Norwich Union what will it be like to be
old as good as this we're together we're
stronger Knights Union
are you feeling the stress of debt are
your repayments too high then simply
called Baines and Ernst if you're having
problems paying off your credit cards or
overdrafts and other debts call this
number now mrs. Moore's credit cards and
other a payments were costing her a
combined 540 pounds per month with our
expert help we've restructured her
payments to just 180 pounds per month
over 700 support staff could help reduce
your monthly payments by up to 80% and
turn them into one single monthly
payment Baines announced one of the
largest debt management companies in the
UK is helping clients repay over half a
billion pounds of debt so called our
eight thousand nine two six three
hundred Vigil cell phones now like all
five hundred one two three one two one
or any free mobile phone with great
connections you want to want and you
could win it all expenses paid holiday
for two to a tropical paradise you could
order the cool Nokia 3310 but with gem
phone you choose that will come with a
free picture and you can win an
all-expenses-paid holiday for two so
call now because you'll always have an
appetite for life you want a pension
together we're stronger Norwich Union